Ma/auth (#5342)
opencv/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/basics/registration.md

---
title: 'Registration'

> linkTitle: 'egistration'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: 'registration'
```

weight: 1
description: 'App CVAT user registration and account access.'
---

To start to annotate in CVAT, you need to
create an account or log in to the existing account.

This section describes [App CVAT](https://app.cvat.ai/), that is sutable
for small personal projects, that do not require user management.
It is also ok to use if you just want to try what is CVAT.

While it is easy to use, it has some limitations.
For example, in App CVAT you cannot create a superuser (admin account)
or administer user roles. All these features are available
for [Admin user](/docs/administration/basics/admin-account/) in
[local version of CVAT](/docs/administration/basics/installation/).

See:

- [User registration](#user-registration)
- [Account access](#account-access)

To creata account or log in, go to the [App CVAT](https://app.cvat.ai/) login page:

![](/images/image001.jpg)

> > **Note:** By default authentincation and registration with Google and Git works only for [App CVAT](https://app.cvat.ai/). <br>If you want to use Google and Git authentication on local installation, see [Social auth configuration](/docs/administration/basics/social-accounts-configuration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** By default authentication and registration with Google and GitHub work only for [App CVAT](https://app.cvat.ai/). <br>If you want to use Google and GitHub authentication on a local installation, see [Social auth configuration](/docs/administration/basics/social-accounts-configuration/).
```
